README.rst, before:

GeoDjango on DotCloud
=====================

This code shows how to run a very simple GeoDjango application on DotCloud.
It is fully functional, in the sense that you don't have any hand-editing
to do to deploy it: it automatically deploys a PostGIS database,
includes it in ``settings.py``, creates a superuser for you, and uses
Django 1.3 ``collectstatic``. *Batteries Included!*

To run this code on DotCloud, you need a `DotCloud account
<https://www.dotcloud.com/accounts/register/>`_ (free tier available).
Then clone this repository, and push it to DotCloud::

  $ git clone git://github.com/jpetazzo/geodjango-on-dotcloud.git
  $ dotcloud push mygeoapp geodjango-on-dotcloud

Happy hacking! Remember: each time you modify something, you need to
git add + git commit your changes before doing ``dotcloud push``.

This repository is also a step-by-step tutorial: each commit corresponds
to one step, with the commit message providing explanations. 
It assumes that you already took the Django-on-DotCloud tutorial,
located at https://github.com/jpetazzo/django.

You can view the whole tutorial, and the modified files at each step,
with at least three different methods:

* by using GitHub's awesome `compare view
  <https://github.com/jpetazzo/geodjango-on-dotcloud/compare/begin...end>`_:
  you will see the list of commits involved in the tutorial, and by
  clicking on each individual commit, you will see the file modifications
  for this step;
* by running ``git log --patch --reverse begin..end`` in your local
  repository, for a text-mode equivalent (with the added benefit of being
  available offline!);
* by browsing a more `traditional version 
  <http://docs.dotcloud.com/tutorials/python/geodjango/>`_ on DotCloud's
  documentation website.

You can also learn more by diving into `DotCloud documentations
<http://docs.dotcloud.com/>`_, especially the one for the `Python service
<http://docs.dotcloud.com/services/python/>`_ which is used by this app.

Commit message:

remove free/sandbox references, update dotCloud

README.rst, after:

GeoDjango on DotCloud
=====================

This code shows how to run a very simple GeoDjango application on dotCloud.
It is fully functional, in the sense that you don't have any hand-editing
to do to deploy it: it automatically deploys a PostGIS database,
includes it in ``settings.py``, creates a superuser for you, and uses
Django 1.3 ``collectstatic``. *Batteries Included!*

To run this code on dotCloud, you need a `dotCloud account
<https://www.dotcloud.com/accounts/register/>`_ .
Then clone this repository, and push it to sotCloud::

  $ git clone git://github.com/jpetazzo/geodjango-on-dotcloud.git
  $ cd geodjango-on-dotcloud
  $ dotcloud create -f live mygeoapp
  $ dotcloud push

Happy hacking! Remember: each time you modify something, you need to
git add + git commit your changes before doing ``dotcloud push``.

This repository is also a step-by-step tutorial: each commit corresponds
to one step, with the commit message providing explanations. 
It assumes that you already took the Django-on-dotCloud tutorial,
located at https://github.com/jpetazzo/django.

You can view the whole tutorial, and the modified files at each step,
with at least three different methods:

* by using GitHub's awesome `compare view
  <https://github.com/jpetazzo/geodjango-on-dotcloud/compare/begin...end>`_:
  you will see the list of commits involved in the tutorial, and by
  clicking on each individual commit, you will see the file modifications
  for this step;
* by running ``git log --patch --reverse begin..end`` in your local
  repository, for a text-mode equivalent (with the added benefit of being
  available offline!);
* by browsing a more `traditional version 
  <http://docs.dotcloud.com/tutorials/python/geodjango/>`_ on dotCloud's
  documentation website.

You can also learn more by diving into `dotCloud documentation
<http://docs.dotcloud.com/>`_, especially the one for the `Python service
<http://docs.dotcloud.com/services/python/>`_ which is used by this app.
